feat: [sc-25815] Develop ecs-cluster Terraform Module (#32)
Cyber4All/terraform-cyber4all-catalog: modules/ecs-service/README.md

	 # The image used to start a container. This string is passed directly to the Docker daemon. Images in the Docker Hub registry are available by default. You can also specify other repositories with either `repository-url/image:tag` or `repository-url/image@digest`. Up to 255 letters (uppercase and lowercase), numbers, hyphens, underscores, colons, periods, forward slashes, and number signs are allowed.
	 image  = string

	 # Name that will associate all resources.
	 service_name  = string

	 # --------------------------------------------
	 # Optional variables
	 # --------------------------------------------

	 # The hard limit of CPU units to present for the task. For tasks that use the Fargate launch type (both Linux and Windows containers), this field is required. 
	 container_cpu  = number

	 # The amount (in MiB) of memory to present to the container. [container_definition_memory](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#container_definition_memory)
	 container_memory  = number

	 # The port number on the container that's bound to the user-specified or automatically assigned host port.
	 container_port  = number

> 	 # Must be set to either `X86_64` or `ARM64`; see cpu architecture.

Reviewer: This is the cpu architecture? You mean aws documentation?

Author: Oh I can actually get rid of that last part.

Author: Oh wait ignore ecs-service changes because that is just automated documentation of our old imlementations. Just look at ecs-cluster stuff.

	 cpu_architecture  = string

	 # Number of instances of the task definition to place and keep running. Defaults to 1. Do not specify if using the `DAEMON` scheduling strategy.
	 desired_count  = number

	 # Set to true if service discovery should not be configured. Otherwise either set the service_registries block or provide values for service_name, and container_port.
	 disable_service_discovery  = bool

	 # The environment variables to pass to a container. This parameter maps to the --env option to docker run. Consists (name, value)
	 environment  = list(any)

	 # A list of files containing the environment variables to pass to a container. This parameter maps to the `--env-file` option to `docker run`. Consists (value, type = "s3")
	 environment_files  = list(any)

> 	 # Ephemeral storage block, consists (size_in_gib): The minimum supported value is `21` GiB and the maximum supported value is `200` GiB. This parameter is used to expand the total amount of ephemeral storage available, beyond the default amount, for tasks hosted on AWS Fargate. See main.tf

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/Cyber4All/terraform-cyber4all-catalog/assets/55514493/dcad01b0-edae-48ab-9aa4-1c7e95c79881)
Good times in bundling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	 # Ephemeral storage block, consists (sizeInGiB): The minimum supported value is `21` GiB and the maximum supported value is `200` GiB. This parameter is used to expand the total amount of ephemeral storage available, beyond the default amount, for tasks hosted on AWS Fargate. See main.tf
```
Just wanted to point this var out and check if the reference was correct. Will all vars in terraform have the underscore? Or does it just depend?

Author: All will have the underscores.
